>> off screen: What are the differences
if you're just writing HTML between
an unordered list and an ordered list?
Cuz obviously you are choosing
the order in this unordered list.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, and this is
just me trying to think of stuff and
I'm throwing things up there,
one after the other, okay?
But in an ordered list, we're gonna
make a list of how we do something, and
the order matters, okay?
So actually why don't you go ahead and
take two minutes.
I'd like you to do the following.
I'd like you to add to this page.
Now, I'd like you to add
a heading that says,
how to make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich, okay?
And then I want you to
write an ordered list.
Remember ordered list is an OL, it's gonna
have exactly the same structure as what
we have here for our ordered list,
except it's OL instead of UL.
It's all gonna have all the same li's.
Go ahead and write an ordered list for all
of the steps to make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich.
The order matters, right?
You can't spread peanut butter
before you get your bread.
Go ahead and try that now.